when the second home stamp Duty tax was
brought in I was very surprised because
I didn't think the conservatives were
tax rich people I looked into it there
was an exemption for people who bought
seven or more Homes at once and then
Jeremy Hunt went and bought seven homes
listen I understand it is difficult to
tax rich people because politicians are
rich people and they're funded by rich
people and they put loopholes in the
system that mean rich people don't pay
them and it ends up being paid by
working people that doesn't mean we
don't do it I'm not sure that's question
and I have no idea if Jeremy Hunt did
buy seven homes in Stead but you know I
appreci it's